docs: update Yield Boost status banner (#1461)
Consensys/doc.linea: docs/network/overview/yield-boost/index.mdx

:::caution[Status]

> 🚧 Yield Boost is in phased rollout. Initial infrastructure is being deployed on mainnet, with early ETH movements into the `YieldManager` and `StakingVault`. This documentation describes the intended steady-state design, and some components may not yet be active.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
🚧 Yield Boost is in phased rollout. Initial infrastructure has been deployed on mainnet, with early ETH movements into the `YieldManager` and `StakingVault`. This documentation describes the intended steady-state design, and some components may not yet be active.
```

> 🚧 Yield Boost is in phased rollout. Initial infrastructure has been deployed on mainnet, with early ETH movements into the `YieldManager` and `StakingVault`. This documentation describes the intended steady-state design, and some components may not yet be active.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
🚧 Yield Boost is in a phased rollout. Initial infrastructure has been deployed on mainnet, with early ETH movements into the `YieldManager` and `StakingVault`. This documentation describes the intended steady-state design, and some components may not yet be active.
```
